oh my gosh it's in my hand it's in my
hand
everybody yes I got my copy of Hoonah
autumn on Yao this came in the mail
yesterday and I kind of freaked out on
Twitter as the those of you who follow
me know and this is really really really
cool it's four discs it's got six two
tracks on it and it's also got a couple
songs that have never been released on a
deep CD before yeah this is just like ah
it's so cool it's like a really cool
graphics and stuff this is what the
thing looks like and I actually did an
unboxing / unveiling things I just could
not wait I took a video already but that
will be up later on when I finish
editing that so yes anyways so there's a
ton a ton of awesome news because I kind
of went on a mini unplanned hiatus I
suppose which those of you following me
already know about and I did make that
video about reaching 1500 subs so that's
awesome of course I do plan on doing a
giveaway again like I mentioned and I'm
going to be getting the prizes very
shortly and then I will definitely be
starting the contest as soon as I
possibly can but first I need to get the
prizes don't you think so that you guys
know you're going to win so I think I
want to show you guys what you can win
first and then I'll go through with the
contest so this will be exciting I think
you guys are going to love the the
prizes so I'm really excited well okay
so onto news I'm going to do this as
quick as possible because there's a ton
like I said a ton of really really
really big news okay so first of all the
last week and was the first atif s well
this year's Auto fest next year there's
the next Auto fest so last Thursday and
Friday was on FS and that seems to have
gone off without a hitch
and lots of people went and loved it
apparently I read some people's you know
stories about it I heard it seems like
it's what's super cracky so I'm excited
for a DVD I'm really really really
looking forward to that I hope hope hope
so they come out with a DVD so during on
offense this is the other big news
odyssey also actually announced a tour a
arena tour throughout Japan as well as a
new album of course to go with the tour
oh my gosh so you guys probably already
know about this but I'll talk a little
bit about it so that you can get up to
date if you don't know about it so on
October thirty-first they're going to be
releasing a new album called popcorn
yeah popcorn and I'll tell you a little
story about that and a little bit
adorable they're also going to be doing
a nationwide tour of course like I
mentioned so the tour is starting on
November 16th so it'll be starting in
Osaka in kyocera dome and moving on to
Sapporo than Fukuoka then Tokyo and then
we have and it'll be ending on January
thirteenth the album is going to have
four of their single songs 5 solo songs
new solo song and seven album songs
that's just I am so so excited for this
and the funny story about popcorn the
name matzah dude apparently said that
she wanted to have a pop concert like
pop is in the music pop now in Japanese
concert is possible
so when I was hot of that he thought
Pabu for pop popcorn which becomes
popcorn so supposedly that's the name of
Howard it came to be also just a little
quick 10 minute about other fests I'm
not sure if you guys know this but the
other fest goodies the goods that they
came out with were actually a design
supposedly by eyeball which is pretty
cool and I know that there's been a lot
of different concert goods that the auto
shoe members have kind of come up with
in terms of like matzo June came up with
the hooded towel well he didn't invent
it but he decided that he wanted so who
did tell kokuritsu because of the crazy
crazy rain in 2009 and he thought that
that would help if it rained again you
know this is kind of exciting i don't i
don't think any of the members have
actually fully blown design all the
concert goods for any of their concerts
so that's pretty cool and I hope that
they continue to you know give all the
other members chances that would be so
cool if oh no like created the you know
concert goods for one year like I think
I would have to buy everything don't you
also another short news information
odyssey we'll be performing on music
station on october fifth and we're not
quite sure what exactly they're going to
be seeing because they are not coming
out with anything recently except for
the new album on the 31st so who knows i
wonder if it's going to be maybe a
medley or something i'm really not sure
but it says that they will be on music
station on the
so that's something that you guys are
interested in watching keep an eye out
for that also show have a new idea moto
commercial with the gyoza and they
actually had him eat some gyoza at the
press conference oh she's really cute he
had to eat it going yummy so that was
funny and the Nina also has a new pokey
commercial where he's like this demon
and he has to eat pokey to become not a
demon it's very very strange but you
know that's how pokey commercials are in
fact that's actually how most Japanese
commercials are but I love them don't
you so that's it for this week but
that's super super super super big news
I I'm just like so excited I was
freaking out on Twitter about it you
guys you have no idea and of course when
I got my Buddha ah Damania disk I posted
that like crazy all over my Twitter as
well and it seems like the people who
are following me enjoyed getting a
glimpse at that and I've got some people
who are pretty excited about the
unfailing video so I'm really excited to
make that for you guys and like I said
look out for the beginning of the
contest it's going to be starting
hopefully within the next week or so
like I said I just need to get the items
to give you guys to give away and I can
give away some really sparkly nice fun
happy rangel glitter stuff that
everybody loves well all of you guys cuz
you're watching these videos right
anyways that is all for this week and I
really really want to get back on this
like schedule so no more crazy hiatus
weird dates for me anymore let's get
back in the game right people yes let's
do it
feel like I should just have like rays
of light coming out behind this like
when I hold it it's just so bright and
shiny and oh god I can't take it
you